[exportdb] Setup website (#104288)
pytorch/pytorch: docs/source/scripts/exportdb/blurb.md

ExportDB is a centralized dataset of supported and unsupported export cases.

> This is targeted towards users who want to understand specifically what types of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is targeted towards users who want to understand specifically what types of
```

code are supported, the subtleties of export, and how to modify their existing

> code to be compatible with export.  Note that this is not an exhaustive set of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
code to be compatible with export. Note that this is not an exhaustive set of
```

> everything that is supported and unsupported by export, but will hopefully cover

Reviewer: ```suggestion
everything that is supported by exportdb, but it covers
```

most common and confusing use cases that users will run into.

If you have a feature that you think needs a stronger guarantee from us to

> support in export please reach out to us!

Reviewer: how users can reach out? Create an issue with the correct tag in the pytorch/pytorch repo?

Author: Thanks for the feedback! I updated it with asking users to tag module:export.
